So we have got the updating category and we can make some changes as well.
We can submit so this data we need to send to the back end and let's quickly have a look at the backend
server.
We have already created that fruit category put, right?
So we have to send the slug in the root and this function executes.
Let's quickly have a look at that function category of that category.
So you can see here it will access the request params slug, it will access the name from the request
body, then try to find the category.
Based on the slope and observe the value, which is the name that you will be sending the updating category's
name.
And then again, we will regenerate the slug to match that name.
And then we are sending the updated category back to the front.
All right, so let's go and make a request using excuse to our back end.
Let me remove that for now.
Let's make sure we have excuse which we have.
Okay.
So handle update.
So here's what I'm want to do.
Let's use try to get into.
Control of the air and you want to show the toast area is really if there's some issue category of did.
All right so here what do you want to do is make a request using excuse that gives us a dollar or weight
excuse don't put make a put request to the endpoint.
Let's use bektic so that we can put variable slope.
So you can see you select categories less the slope which will be the updated category slope.
And this is something we already have in this state.
I said that slowly sent.
And second argument is the values, right?
Yeah, the values.
So this values we contain the category name which has been just updated.
Okay.
So this would be access as the requisite body name in our control.
Then what are we going to do here is we will be getting the updated category two category, the data.
This one, when we get it, it will be the updated category.
Now, when we get the ability categories, we want to.
Update the categories that we already have here displayed.
So when it is updated, we want to update here in the list as well.
Before we do that, let me actually just cancel this to make sure we get it first before we do anything
in category that it.
Donna.
So let's quickly have a look at this one before we do anything further.
All right.
So let me try.
And let's make it all caps, ma'am.
Stay.
It's.
It's a mint.
Category updated.
That was quick.
You can see we have got the category that is embedded from the back end as a response we got here.
Okay.
Now, when do we get the response?
We want to do a few things.
One, we want to close the model.
Next, we want to immediately update this our list as well.
So we have to find the category from the categories list in the state and update the value.
So we have to find variety and then object in the client ID.
So let me just remove that.
So what we can do here is.
We can use a math function of.
Let's call it new categories.
New.
New categories.
Equal to two categories that we have in the state at the moment.
We use a math function.
Map.
So categories don't map.
So just like filter and other functions we use earlier.
Map also takes on another function as an argument.
Right?
So we use another function as an argument.
So when we met the category.
We get access to each of the categories from this array.
Right.
And then we're going to take if the little dude here first, let's call it can.
Yes.
A new map to all the categories.
We get each category so we can take the category and now get all the categories we mapping through one
by one.
So if their ID matched with this data ID, this data has been just updated.
Right.
So other things since but I'd imagine.
So if.
Any of the categories in the state if their ID met with this recently updated categories.
And that means this is the category that has been updated.
So in that case, we return the data again.
So when we return, what happens is the categories are everything stays the same for a new mapping through.
If we have ten categories, this function will run ten times.
Right.
So out of ten main times, it will return whatever it was already there.
Okay.
Whatever is there, it returns as it is.
But if it finds the one that has the same idea as this one, then it will override the previous data
and return the new data, which is the one we got, which is the updated category.
So basically this will give us the all the categories, find the one that matched the idea and return
the updated value for that particular category.
So finally, we can save in the categories the state and that this time it'll be new categories.
Okay.
So the only difference going to be here is the one that that I missed will have the new data.
Right.
So this way we can set the categories lists with the updated one and.
Oh, there's one thing we can do that is to toast years tostart successfully in certain
categories.
Category updated successfully.
All right.
And there's one more thing you can do, and that is the model you want to.
You want to hide, you don't want to saying so anymore because it's already done or it is done.
So said visible.
You make it false.
Okay.
And then there's one more thing you want to do, and that is set of building category.
So previously when you were going through the update of whichever has been clicked, that was in the
state.
But now that it is complete, you want to make that empty so you can just do this.
Okay, beautiful.
Let's give it a try.
By the way, this one is something maybe it's not so important because the model will be closed anyway.
And when you click on any of them, that then that valley will always be in the state anyways.
So this may not be the super important, but I think it's a good practice because you want to keep the
updating categories fairly in the State MP when you are not doing anything right.
So with this code we should be good.
Let's give it a try.
Morne Steyn.
Okay.
So that is that's how it looks now.
Let me just make it more.
Submit.
You can see we've got the total notification.
The Valley has been instantly changed.
The model has been closed.
Absolutely beautiful.
I would try another one.
Note.
Let's make note.
This summit, you see.
Beautiful.
Now, if you refresh, this valley should stay the same.
So this way you learn to do the quad operations for categories so you can create a category
for the record.
It's called.
Full stack, you can create a category.
You can show the categories.
You can intend to update the UI.
You can edit.
And you can do it.
Beautiful.